Miss Tang, you misread Mr. Li
What Mr. Li said is true
Wan Shoufu, wake up
Grandpa Li is his father
Dong Jie is his younger brother
They're family.
I couldn't have been clearer about his abilities.
If I didn't know him like the back of my hand
Until today he had no hope in his life
I won't ruin his marriage either
Let his brother be the groom
Wan Shoufu, see for yourself
These are your most respected Mr. Lee
Worker
He actually used the Imperial Building as a construction site
Call these underhanded migrant workers to come and have a feast
What kind of person is Mr. Li?
I know better than you
You who have offended Mr. Li
Go out of the cloud and become famous by yourself
If you let Mr. Li do it
You don't even have room for regret
Wan Tian Hao
You have to have a brain
Are you going to fight against the entire Yuncheng business community for him?
Hmph, just you rabble
It also represents the entire Yunjiang business community
Don't you forget.
I told you.
The backer behind my Li family is the Beidu Jiang family
It's Wan Tianhao
You only know how to show off in front of us
You are not even a fart in front of the Beidu Jiang family
Pardon me?
Tell me again.
Never mind.
Since they are relying on the Beidu Jiang family
Then let them call them
See if you can kill me
Well since you want to die
Then I'll give the Beidu Jiang family a call
Beidu Jiangjia is a big knife